DOC-56 Import Technology Providers Playbook (#110)
Ed-Fi-Alliance-OSS/ed-fi-alliance-oss.github.io: docs/getting-started/provider-playbook/technology-providers-implementation/ed-fi-api-fundamentals/authorization.md

# Authorization

> In its _data exchange standards_ efforts (distinct from Ed-Fi's _technology development_ efforts, going back to a distinction made in section [Overview of Ed-Fi Standards and Technology](https://edfi.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/TNG/pages/22905124/Overview+of+Ed-Fi+Standards+and+Technology)) Ed-Fi recommends implementing a robust authorization system based on the principle of "least privilege" and following several other guidelines.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In its _data exchange standards_ efforts (distinct from Ed-Fi's _technology development_ efforts, going back to a distinction made in section [Overview of Ed-Fi Standards and Technology](../../.../technology-providers-project-planning/overview-of-ed-fi-standards-and-technology)) Ed-Fi recommends implementing a robust authorization system based on the principle of "least privilege" and following several other guidelines.
```

The recommendations can be seen in the REST API Guidelines that the Alliance publishes:

> * [Ed-Fi API Design & Implementation Guidelines](https://edfi.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/EFAPIGUIDE/overview) (for Suite 3)

Author: updated.
